I'm tre bezoar from coal and ash in New
York City I'm gonna show you how to make
the perfect hollandaise we're gonna
start with cracking our eggs we're only
going to use the yolks and we're gonna
place it right into our bowl here so we
have our egg yolks in our bowl and then
we have a pot with water underneath and
we're just going to simmer this water
we're gonna add our lemon juice and then
what we're doing this is a double boiler
this allows us to cook our egg yolks but
to not scramble them usually this will
take anywhere between three and a half
to five minutes depending on how hot
your water is underneath it so we're
gonna cook it to where we see ribbons
right where it just starts keeping its
shape when you lift it up up and this is
where we're gonna add our butter so we
just want to start with our melted
butter and slowly add it while we're
still whisking this egg mixture just a
little bit at a time incorporate it and
then keep going back if you add all of
it at once then it's easy for what we
call the emulsion to break and that's
when it becomes greasy and just not a
smooth nice fluffy sauce then we're
gonna season it with salt and a little
bit of pepper and then you know you have
the perfect consistency when you put in
the spoon and it just pours easily and
that's gonna coat your eggs benedict or
whatever you're having perfectly for
playboy.com I'm Travis
coconut and then we grind them up and
make this like powder and you're gonna
pour the water into the ground-up meat
and then give it a nice massage and this
is what will release the coconut milk
essentially